all righty chef buck here and today
we're cooking up a decadent delectable
awesome spaghetti carbonara if you've
never tried carbonara you know
definitely give this a go its luscious
you want to love it get a little
pecorino romano write that up you know
we're gonna use about 1/2 a cup I'm
actually gonna use a little bit more
than that then I'm gonna use three egg
yolks just the yolks three and then one
entire egg you want to whip those eggs
up together and go ahead and add your
cheese into there now use about a half a
cup of cheese but really I'm using about
3/4 a cup cuz I'm going cheese crazy
today you know so this mixture it's
gonna be really kind of thick and look
how yellow that is you know but that's
the way it's gonna look because we're
using mostly yolks but that's really
what's gonna make this dish so delicious
and creamy use some pancetta if you got
it but I'm gonna try some thick sliced
bacon I got a local farm around here and
this bacon is already peppery and you
know peppers a big part of this dish and
it's making us thick so I'm gonna go
ahead and cut that up use this here if
you use some pancetta whatever you use
you want it to be nice and thick and
cubed now fix your spaghetti upper
corner near the package directions and
just put a little bit of salt in there
not a whole lot cuz you know what the
cheese is gonna have salt in it and you
know the bacon is gonna have salt in it
so you don't need a lot of extra salt in
this dish
get your skillet heated up and we'll go
ahead and start working on this bacon
and getting that cooked up and if you
want it to you can put a little bit of
onion and garlic in here too but we're
making kind of a classic you know semi
classic carbonara so we're gonna leave
that out today but what you do want to
put in is pepper and all the pepper you
can handle this Bacon's already got
pepper in it but I'm still throwing some
more pepper on here so you know
carbonara is all about the pepper now we
want to cook our bacon all up we want to
cook it through but we don't want it to
be crispy you know definitely don't want
it to be crispy but you're gonna want to
pull off some of that bacon grease there
at the end when you're just about ready
to finish cuz you're not gonna want all
that grease there you don't have to be
militant about getting out of the pan a
little bit of that's gonna be great
flavor but you don't strain that and
then your pasta should be ready and then
we'll just go ahead and dip our pasta
out of this pane and throw it right in
our skillet there now don't drain or
rinse your posturing
just throw it right in there swish it
around get it mixed in with this meat
get all these flavors all throughout
this pasta you know and you want to do
that before you put your sauce in there
because you want to put your sauce on
top of this pasta and meat
don't throw your sauce into the skillet
with the bacon because you don't want
scrambled eggs man you want sauce you
want a nice creamy egg sauce so go ahead
and pour that on top you don't get it
all in there now mine's really kind of
sick cuz I got all this cheese in there
but that's fine because what we're gonna
do is we're gonna work it through you
know we're gonna swish it in swirl it
all around and it's gonna produce this
wonderful creamy delicious egg sauce and
if you've never had it you know you
gotta try it this is such an awesome
flavor it's gonna be so creamy but we're
not putting any cream in it and if you
wanted to you could put a little bit of
fresh parsley in here you know for a
little bit of color that's up to you but
man look at this it's just fantastic and
then that's it you're good to go you can
go ahead and plate this up throw it out
there for the public man and they're
gonna look spaghetti carbonara it's
awesome so go ahead and give it a try
let me know what you think and Bon
Appetit all righty thanks for checking
out the video and if you make it I hope
you like it
you know stop and smell the roses and
smile at strangers